Corrected information on CV filters and dependency solving. (#1240)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Content_Management_Guide/topics/Managing_Content_Views.adoc

| *Include* | You start with no content, then select which content to add from the selected repositories.
Use this filter to combine multiple content items.

> | *Exclude* | You start with all content from selected repositories, then select which content to remove.

Reviewer: No..An include filter in katello will exclude everything else.

> | *Exclude* | You start with all content from selected repositories, then select which content to remove.

Reviewer: We have a feature - incremental CV update which does this. "I have some current state, I want to add one errata to it"

> | *Exclude* | You start with all content from selected repositories, then select which content to remove.

Reviewer 2: I thought incremental update was accomplished with filters then, sorry.

You can select to resolve package dependencies for any Content View that you want, or you can change the default setting to enable or disable resolving package dependencies for all new Content Views.

Note that resolving package dependencies can cause significant delays to Content View promotion.

> The package dependency resolution feature does not consider packages that are installed on your system independently of the Content View so `{package-update-project}` is not guaranteed to work.

Reviewer 2: This is good.  Do you think it would make sense to recommend particular workflows that are known to have less issues?  For instance, only include filters get much benefit from dependency solving, exclude filters should generally work fine without it.

Author: @sjha4 Can you comment?

Reviewer 2: I saw that, but I was just thinking that even within the examples we give, some are definitely more foolproof than others.  For instance we don't clarify that if exclude-only filters don't need depsolving 99% of the time, everything becomes much much much faster to process.

Author: How should the wording be changed to meet your requirements?

. In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Administer* > *Settings* and click the *Content* tab.
. Locate the *Content View Dependency Solving Default*, and select *Yes*.

.Considerations

> . The package dependency resolution feature does not connsider packages that are installed on your ssystem independently of the Content View, so `yum update` is not guaranteed to work.

Reviewer: keyboard lag..
```suggestion
. The package dependency resolution feature does not consider packages that are installed on your system independently of the Content View, so `yum update` is not guaranteed to work.
```

. Packages in a Content View can have conflicting dependencies, which is expected.
* A -> B(1.1)
* C -> B(1.2)

> Where A, B and C are example packages where package A has a dependency on version 1.1 of package B, and Package C has a dependency on Version 1.2 of package B.

Reviewer 2: I would drop or move the two lines above since the user doesn't know what this is supposed to mean yet.

> Imagine a scenario where A, B and C are example packages where package A has a dependency on version 1.1 of package B, and Package C has a dependency on Version 1.2 of package B.

Author: If there are no more comments on this. I'll ask for it to be merged.

. In the {Project} web UI, navigate to *Administer* > *Settings* and click the *Content* tab.
. Locate the *Content View Dependency Solving Default*, and select *Yes*.

.Considerations
. The package dependency resolution feature does not consider packages that are installed on your system independently of the Content View, so `{package-update-project}` is not guaranteed to work.

> . Packages can have conflicting dependencies in a Content View.

Reviewer 2: "Packages in a Content View can have conflicting dependencies"

> If this is the case you might have dependency issues on the client.

Reviewer 2: This part isn't strictly true.  It's natural for the repository to have conflicting dependencies between packages, that's natural and not a problem in and of itself not a problem for the "client".  It's dependency solving for Satellite that might break, and *that* results in potentially not copying things that should be copied, and *that* results in broken client-side dependencies.

Author: @sjha4 Can you comment?

Reviewer 2: Yes.  Bringing in too much is almost never an issue, unless it ends up bringing in something that itself has broken dependencies.  You have to think about the Satellite depsolving use case separately from what DNF would do.

Reviewer: @dralley: Is there an explanation for which one dep solving might bring in? Is it the newer version, or the 1st package that it finds to satisfy either dependency?

Reviewer 2: The minimum set of packages to satisfy all the dependencies - ignoring conflicts between packages.  In the sense that they literally aren't taken into consideration at all.  The client works out what it can install, Satellite just tries to make sure everything is available regardless of what it decides.

I guess I should rephrase what I said earlier, Satellite doesn't have any problems with "conflicts", but other issues (like not all the dependencies being satisfiable) can cause the "best effort" to fail.

Author: How should the wording be changed to meet your requirements?

Reviewer: ```
Packages could have conflicting dependencies in a CV which is expected.
A -> b 1.1
C -> b 1.2
Where A, B and C are example packages where package A has a dependency on version 1.1 of package B, and Package C has a dependency on Version 1.2 of package B.
Both b 1.1 and b 1.2 will be brought in by dependency solving into the CV to satisfy dependencies of both A and C.
```

* A -> B(1.1)
* C -> B(1.2)
Where A, B and C are example packages where package A has a dependency on version 1.1 of package B, and Package C has a dependency on Version 1.2 of package B.
+
Both B(1.1) and B (1.2) are brought in by dependency solving in the Content View but dependency solving for package A or B might break, depending on which version of B is installed on the host.
. If a package in a repository has a dependency on a package outside the repository which has not been synced or added to the Content View, dependency solving will not solve dependencies for that package.

> . If you are using exclude filters on your Content View with dependency solving turned on, dependency solving takes precedence and brings in any required packages even if they are filtered out.

Reviewer 2: are -> were
